Alpha Foundation Main Console
The Alpha Foundation was created by the establishment of 
Alpha and the exact year of its establishment is unknown.
Before the SCP Foundation came into Korea, it was first 
created under their influence. During the 25th invocation 
of the 2003 Alpha, Alpha tried to publish all the information 
about the ACs it had obtained so far, but since all the data 
on the AC has been retracted due to the topic incident inside 
the Alpha Foundation, it has developed the Alpha Foundation 
Main Console, but it has not been able to include the information 
and uploads the information as the AC data is restored. 
The website is designed to provide an environment where researchers
from Alpha Foundation around the world can upload data from ACs and
existing ACs in real time.

Alpha Foundation Class
The Alpha Foundation is using its own staff hierarchy for more 
systematic AC management.


Alpha:
A class granted to Alpha who has full authority.
Only given to Alpha and assigned to one person.


Beta:
A class with full authority other than Alpha's right to access personal data.
It is a position only granted to two people designated by Alpha.
The two are called Beta-1 and Beta-2 to be distinguished from each other, 
and their authority and positions are all equal.

Gamma:
A class with full authority other than the right to access personal data by Alpha and Beta.
It is a position granted only to three people designated by Alpha.
The three are called Gamma-1, Gamma-2, and Gamma-3 to be distinguished from each other, 
and the three's authority and position are all equal.

The above ranks are all those belonging to the Alpha Council and make very important decisions within the Foundation.

The next classes to come are those who are practically employed within the Alpha Foundation to do actual research and work.

Alfred:
They are senior researchers at the Alpha Foundation, who plan research 
using, securing, dealing with AC isolation failures, and direct the lower classes. 
In very sophisticated and difficult experiments, 
it can sometimes be put into the actual isolation process.

Alphys:
The rank directly involved in managing and isolating AC as
 general researchers at the Alpha Foundation. Direct interaction with 
ACs below grade E and various experiments serve to observe and record
experiments when contacted by Alan-class employees.

Alan:
It is a class that comes into direct contact with ACs in the Alpha 
Foundation and is put into various experiments. Unlike the D class
of the SCP Foundation, treatment with a rank actually selected through
formal procedures is given a high grade, like Alfred within the foundation. 
When put into an experiment, it can be applied to a "human backup project" 
that uses all the foundation's technical skills in preparation for all kinds 
of safety equipment and possible situations to prevent death during the experiment.
*Human Backup Project)
A project to continuously back up specific human consciousness and memories on a 
computer and collect DNA and other organic information of the body in advance 
to create the same organism when the subject dies.

Acherd:
A one-time human type AC used in various experiments. 
It is an object created in "AC-0002-ALPHA-0001_Human_manufacturer" and the 
intention of creation itself is for experimentation. 
Can be produced indefinitely and used as a one-time use.

Alphaforce:
The unit is the direct unit of Alpha and is deployed in the event of 
failure to isolate Class B AC objects. There are also cases in which 
space-type ACs are replaced by Alan class personnel. Also, 
when planning an experiment, they are temporarily assigned to two direct 
units under the application of the Alfred class and the Alphys class, 
and then go back to Alphaforce.